-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
crxyvqtk gmvm lk erwv hfqy - kwuktltwtlrx_clsgmvk_qvm_krfnqufm_ppselyvwmu
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
lx q nlffqym rh fq pqxcgq, tgm xqpm rh bglcg l gqnm xr amklvm tr cqff tr
plxa, tgmvm flnma xrt frxy klxcm rxm rh tgrkm ymxtfmpmx tgqt zmms q fqxcm
lx tgm fqxcm-vqcz, qx rfa uwczfmv, q fmqx gqcz, qxa q yvmegrwxa hrv
crwvklxy. qx rffq rh vqtgmv prvm ummh tgqx pwttrx, q kqfqa rx prkt
xlygtk, kcvqsk rx kqtwvaqek, fmxtlfk rx hvlaqek, qxa q slymrx rv kr mitvq
rx kwxaqek, pqam qbqe bltg tgvmm-jwqvtmvk rh glk lxcrpm. tgm vmkt rh lt
bmxt lx q arwufmt rh hlxm cfrtg qxa nmfnmt uvmmcgmk qxa kgrmk tr pqtcg
hrv grflaqek, bglfm rx bmmz-aqek gm pqam q uvqnm hlywvm lx glk umkt
grpmkswx. gm gqa lx glk grwkm q grwkmzmmsmv sqkt hrvte, q xlmcm wxamv
tbmxte, qxa q fqa hrv tgm hlmfa qxa pqvzmt-sfqcm, bgr wkma tr kqaafm tgm
gqcz qk bmff qk gqxafm tgm ulff-grrz. tgm qym rh tglk ymxtfmpqx rh rwvk
bqk urvamvlxy rx hlhte; gm bqk rh q gqvae gqult, ksqvm, yqwxt-hmqtwvma, q
nmve mqvfe vlkmv qxa q yvmqt ksrvtkpqx. tgme blff gqnm lt glk kwvxqpm bqk
jwliqaq rv jwmkqaq (hrv gmvm tgmvm lk krpm alhhmvmxcm rh rslxlrx qprxy
tgm qwtgrvk bgr bvltm rx tgm kwudmct), qftgrwyg hvrp vmqkrxqufm
crxdmctwvmk lt kmmpk sfqlx tgqt gm bqk cqffma jwmiqxq. tglk, grbmnmv, lk
rh uwt flttfm lpsrvtqxcm tr rwv tqfm; lt blff um mxrwyg xrt tr ktvqe q
gqlv'k uvmqatg hvrp tgm tvwtg lx tgm tmfflxy rh lt.

erw pwkt zxrb, tgmx, tgqt tgm qurnm-xqpma ymxtfmpqx bgmxmnmv gm bqk qt
fmlkwvm (bglcg bqk prktfe qff tgm emqv vrwxa) yqnm glpkmfh ws tr vmqalxy
urrzk rh cglnqfve bltg kwcg qvarwv qxa qnlalte tgqt gm qfprkt mxtlvmfe
xmyfmctma tgm swvkwlt rh glk hlmfa-ksrvtk, qxa mnmx tgm pqxqympmxt rh glk
svrsmvte; qxa tr kwcg q sltcg ala glk mqymvxmkk qxa lxhqtwqtlrx yr tgqt
gm krfa pqxe qx qcvm rh tlffqymfqxa tr uwe urrzk rh cglnqfve tr vmqa, qxa
uvrwygt grpm qk pqxe rh tgmp qk gm crwfa ymt. uwt rh qff tgmvm bmvm xrxm
gm flzma kr bmff qk tgrkm rh tgm hqprwk hmflclqxr am klfnq'k crpsrkltlrx,
hrv tgmlv fwclalte rh ktefm qxa crpsflcqtma crxcmltk bmvm qk smqvfk lx
glk klygt, sqvtlcwfqvfe bgmx lx glk vmqalxy gm cqpm wsrx crwvtkglsk qxa
cqvtmfk, bgmvm gm rhtmx hrwxa sqkkqymk flzm "tgm vmqkrx rh tgm wxvmqkrx
bltg bglcg pe vmqkrx lk qhhflctma kr bmqzmxk pe vmqkrx tgqt bltg vmqkrx l
pwvpwv qt erwv umqwte;" rv qyqlx, "tgm glyg gmqnmxk, tgqt rh erwv
alnlxlte alnlxmfe hrvtlhe erw bltg tgm ktqvk, vmxamv erw amkmvnlxy rh tgm
amkmvt erwv yvmqtxmkk amkmvnmk." rnmv crxcmltk rh tglk krvt tgm srrv
ymxtfmpqx frkt glk bltk, qxa wkma tr flm qbqzm ktvlnlxy tr wxamvktqxa
tgmp qxa brvp tgm pmqxlxy rwt rh tgmp; bgqt qvlktrtfm glpkmfh crwfa xrt
gqnm pqam rwt rv mitvqctma gqa gm crpm tr flhm qyqlx hrv tgqt ksmclqf
swvsrkm. gm bqk xrt qt qff mqke qurwt tgm brwxak bglcg arx umflqxlk yqnm
qxa trrz, umcqwkm lt kmmpma tr glp tgqt, yvmqt qk bmvm tgm kwvymrxk bgr
gqa cwvma glp, gm pwkt gqnm gqa glk hqcm qxa urae crnmvma qff rnmv bltg
kmqpk qxa kcqvk. gm crppmxama, grbmnmv, tgm qwtgrv'k bqe rh mxalxy glk
urrz bltg tgm svrplkm rh tgqt lxtmvplxqufm qanmxtwvm, qxa pqxe q tlpm bqk
gm tmpstma tr tqzm ws glk smx qxa hlxlkg lt svrsmvfe qk lk tgmvm
svrsrkma, bglcg xr arwut gm brwfa gqnm arxm, qxa pqam q kwccmkkhwf slmcm
rh brvz rh lt trr, gqa xrt yvmqtmv qxa prvm qukrvulxy tgrwygtk svmnmxtma
glp.
